yeah what's up guys Andrews my hair
welcome back to dweeb cast so monday
marked the 25th anniversary of the first
game boy ever sold but we wondered how
the world would be different if
Nintendo's half brick of road trip
rescue had never been invented what
handheld gaming still have blown up
would Pokemon even exist would I passed
second grade the first time around ya
know maybe so let's explore the painful
potential of what could have been this
widely adored Nintendo times suck never
was playing a game boy wannabes tried to
compete in a mini console war but which
of those thumb busters would have taken
Game Boy spot on the throne would it
have been the atari lynx when you think
about it the sideways slightly
overweight gameboy had way more to offer
color screen with 16-bit graphics
compared to the game boys flattened
8-bit graphics it even had an 18 player
land party potential but not even that
many people bought the links so plus the
links cost nearly twice as much as the
Game Boy and required six double a batts
not good for the environment maybe
instead of the game boy would have been
the sega game gear but probably not
because it came out after the links it
was basically the same thing but had
sonic also needed six double a's
excreted in like vampires treat neck fat
but damn was the color screen sexy sure
the first version of tetris was released
in arcades and on home computer systems
in 1980 fo but it didn't explode until
it came included with the gameboy in
1989 i would make the argument that
tetris is the reason gameboy blew up at
all even though there were other
technologically superior handheld
systems like the links in the game gear
gameboy one because it had the game kind
of weird to think that tetris almost
became a footnote in gaming history
instead went on to sell over 30 million
copies beating out the second best
selling game on the console by nearly 7
million units come to think of it
without Game Boy that second best
selling game might not have happened
either you know what that game was
that's right Pokemon might not have even
been a thing if it weren't for Game Boy
it was in 1996 when Nintendo started the
Pokemon phenomenon what pokemons manam
thank you the offbeat pocket monster
collected RPG came out in 1996 and saw
immediate commercial success with
pokemon red and blue selling over 23
million units to date but without Game
Boy pokemon would have been pokey gone
soon fat no I've been waiting to use
that one all week fortunately for the
environment Game Boy only used for
batteries as opposed to every other
handheld system which used six if
gameboy had lost a handheld console war
we would have witness to increase in
battery pollution across the world so
all you environmental is out there
better send in 10 to a thank-you card
for their efforts to save mother earth
or just keep talking down to others
about clean air than hop in your 93 ford
explorer i remember this they said it
wasn't humanly possible but now you can
have all the power and excitement of
nintendo rights in the palm of your hand
it's delightfully 80s commercial touted
the features of that little mobile game
box that could I mean that guy I know we
couldn't live without it but what you
really want to that's it for the show
today I hope you're celebrating the game
boys 25th birthday in your own special
way
Oh God can you think of any other
scenarios they could have happened if
the game boy never came out comment
below tweet us at dweeb cast I'm a near
east by wheel see you next time